Duck:   I was sitting in my office when the call came in. A priest impaled by his own	sacred pole; a tour guide stumbling over the phone, describing the massacre as it unfolded. I arrived at the scene, not knowing that his would be the biggest 	mystery of my life . . .


				(Insert Buttons Here)

TOUR GUIDE:
- (Unlock after Groundskeeper)You left with the priest after dinner. Where did you go?
I went to talk to the Priest. That creepy guy on the bus, John, complained to me about how he isn’t a good priest. The tour company paid good money to make this a true Goat Religion trip, but that John creep was demanding his money back due to him being a fake imposter. Turns out there are a few different sects of the Goat Religion. It’s not his fault, but I’ve got to pay back John for his “failed trip”.

 - "Have you noticed anything odd about the area before the murder took place?"

Not much . . . I DID notice the sacred pole missing from the shrine after dinner, but I'm sure you know where it went.

 - "What relations do you have with the Priest?"

I'm just a tour guide here . . . Can’t you not see my Badge?

No

Oh, well I left it on my other shirt. It has been a hectic day.

- "Do you have any suspects?"

There is this one guy I brought here with the tour group, name is John Shady. He’s on the bus. The guy has been complaining the whole trip. All day he's been going on and on about how "The service is terrible" and how "He thinks the water is *Too Cold*". He was arguing with the priest about being an imposter and making a mockery of the Goat Religion. I don’t have anything solid on him but I'd keep an eye on him if I were you. (Unlocks dialogue for John Shady)

JOHN SHADY:
 - (Unlocked after Tour Guide) What were you arguing with the Priest about?

He is not a devout Goat Priest! He is an imposter!  Not wearing traditional robes made from goat wool cloth! The Goat Pole on the shrine was upside down which is almost justification for his death! I spoke to him last night asking for his repentance, but he pushed me away. Now, I did not kill him, but I am shedding no tears for the death of such a shame to our god. 

 - "What relations do you have with the Priest?"

Nothing. Sadly he claimed to follow the Goat, but is truly a shame.

- "Did you observe anything odd yesterday?"

TERRIBLE service, horrible water, a shameful priest, and, well, I did notice the nun leaving the monastery leave just after dinner. You should ask her where she went. (Unlocks dialogue for Nun)

Sister Mary:
 - (Unlocked after John Shady) Where were you on the night of the event?

Oh! I was in town.
Town?
Yes. I was. I wasn’t anywhere near the shrine.
So if I go to the town someone could prove your alibi that you didn’t kill the Priest?
I, well, look. I am in love with this mechanic in the city and we went out for a drive last night. He picked me up and we went to the arcade and played GOAT simulator
The Goat Religion prohibits that no? If the Priest found out, you would be sent back to the Basilica.
Yes, I would. The Priest knew, but he promised not to tell. If he did, my life would be ruined.

 - "How well did you know the Priest?"

I’ve been here for about a month but I hardly know him. He was nice and that is all I can really say about him.

- "Have you noticed anything odd in the days leading up the murder?"

There was a letter that came about a week ago. Through a DNA test, a Mrs. HHHH claims to be his daughter. Outside of that, Bill, the Prist’s brother has been arguing a lot of late. An argument got really heated two days ago. (Unlockes dialogue with Groundskeeper)

GROUNDSKEEPER:

 - (Unlocked after priest) What were you arguing with your brother about?

What argument?
The Nun said you were arguing two days ago.
Look. He and I have butted heads for a while. This place doesn’t make money because he doesn’t expand the lodge and advertise it to tourists. I’ve wanted to expand this into a fully finished, five-star resort built into the gorgeous landscape this area was gifted with! With him gone I own the deed and can finally make money off this place. 

- "How did you know the Prist?"

He’s my brother. He and I, well now I own this whole establishment. Together we ran this place.

- "Have you noticed anything odd last night with the group?"

Now that you mention it, I noticed the tour guide leave just after the Priest left after dinner. I’d ask her if I were you.

 - "Who do you think did it?"

No idea. Could be anyone.

Final Scene
DuckTective: I know who done it!
Tour Gide: You know who did it, you mean.
Ducktective: What?
Tour Gide: ‘You know who did it’, not ‘You know who done it’.
Ducktective: Oh. Okay. Yes. I know who did it! The murder was committed by-

<Mary did it! The Priest threatened to tell the church she was in love with a mechanic and she would be sent away for doing such a thing!>
Mary: I did not! No! It wasn’t me!
John: Shock! The Chruch of the Goat allows such a thing! This is a corrupt off shoot! The whole area should be burned to the ground! I can’t stand this place!
Detective: Well, my job here is done. Take her away!
Boyfriend: Mary! I’m here to take you away
Detective: Wait, boyfriend, you exist! Do you have evidence she was with you last night?
Boyfriend: Yes. Here are receipts from the arcade. We were playing late last night

YOU LOSE. MARY WAS INNOCENT. HER PRECIOUS RELATIONSHIP WAS RUINED AND EVERYONE BLAMES YOU FOR SCREWING UP. SHE SUES YOU WHICH ENDS UP COSTING DUCTECTIVE A MASSIVE BILL.

<John did it! He was furious at the priest for being an imposter>
Tour Guide: I knew it!
John: It was not me! I may have hated the man, but not enough to kill him!
Ductective: you even told me his death was justified and nobody can say where you were last night!
John: I was on the bus! It’s the truth!
Ductective: Well, my job here is done. Take him away!

YOU LOSE. JOHN, THE GUY NOBODY LIKED WAS SENT TO PRISON FOR A FLASE MURDER, THOUGH NOBODY REALLY MINDS. HE WAS A JERK.

<Groundskeeper did it! He wanted the dead to the land so he could expand this into a massive tourist complex!>
Groundskeeper: No you git! It wasn’t me!
Ductective: Tell that to the court! Take him away!
YOU LOSE. HE MAY HAVE DISLIKED HIS BROTHER BUT HE WOULD NEVER KILL HIM. DUE TO HIM LEAVING, THE DUCK POND SHRINE WAS CLOSED AND DUCKS COMPAINED TO DUCTECTIVE FOR YEARS TO COME. THEY BLAME YOU AND DUCKTECTIVE CLOSED DOWN
<(show full name here)TOUR GUIDE DID IT! SHE OWED MONEY TO JOHN FOR THIS BEING A FALSE CHURCH OF THE GOAT!>
Tour Gide: Seriously? It’s like $10. I phoned you here anyway. It wasn’t me.
MARY: Wait! She’s Mrs. HHHH! She’s the daughter of the priest!
Ductective: What?
Mary: A few days ago there was paper about someone being the Priest’s daughter, a Mrs. HHHHH! She wanted to meet him, but he wrote back for her to stay away! If the Priest really had a daughter, he would be exiled from the church! His life would be over!
John: What an unholy land this is! I knew he was horrible from the moment I met him!
Tour Guide: Ha! You found out! He disowned me the moment he met me as I follow the Church of the Duck, not the Goat! I killed him!
Ductective: Well, my job here is done. Take her away!
DUCTECTIVE SOVED THE CASE!
Well, Mary solved the case, but Ductective takes the credit!
John: The priest was horrible and I hold no grudges against you Mrs. HHHH. And Mary, if you take over this site and follow the True Goat Religion, I will report nothing. Groundskeeper, I would fund the expansions for this site. If this is reported the church will be shut down. 
Tour Guide: As long as nobody is unhappy with the murder-
John: Shrug
Mary: Eh, I don’t mind
Groundskeeper: You’d fund it? Wow! Yeah, I’m on board!
Tour guide: Then things are good! Nobody goes to jail.
Ductective: But you murdered the Priest! I will be reporting this to the police once I leave here!
Groundskeeper: Mrs. HHHH, the Duck Religion teaches you the many ways to cook a good duck, no?
Tour Guide: I do! I know hundreds of ways to turn a duck into an amazing meal!
Groundskeeper: You know, a duck would be nice now.
Ductective: Oh dear!
DUCTECTIVE BECAME AN AMAZING MEAL!

